##Ranabhoomi (Gaming) - NFS

#DESCRIPTION:
Choose your ride.Customize it.Go for a spin. Find your strength.Play hard.Be the Most Wanted!!! 
Registration fees: Rs. 100 per head.

#EVENT FORMAT
A knockout tournament structure will be followed.
There will be 3 rounds - Qualification rounds, Semi and Final rounds.
4 players will battle against each other.

#RULES 
General Rules:
Players can change the controls for according to their preferences provided they inform the referee.
Players can choose their cars, customize them and modify them.
Participants are not allowed to use their own profiles.
Players will be given 2 minutes to setup the car and its performance before the game.
Qualification Round:
All participants will play one round of Sprint and winner qualifies for semi finals.
Race course: NFS World Loop
At the end of each match, players must maintain the final screens and receive confirmation from a referee.
Common Rules for Semi-finals and Finals:
Game Type: Circuit and Sprint
No. of Laps: 3
Courses: Courses will be given at random and will be given on the spot.
All qualifying participants will compete against each other on LAN.


Semi-Finals:
Courses: Circuit courses will be given as spot
The winner of a race is the first player to complete the circuit course.
The winner qualifies to final rounds.

Finals:
Courses:Sprint and Circuit courses will be given on spot.
Winning a race: The winner of a race is the first player to complete course and cross the finish line.
Winning the tournament: A player winning 3 races out of 5 will be the "WINNER" of the tournament.

Race Settings:
    	a. Track Direction : Forward/Backward
    	b. LAPS : 3
    	c. N20 : On
    	d. Collision Detection : Off
    	e. Performance Matching : On
Other specifications:
Cheat programs are not allowed. Use of Junkman upgrades is not allowed. Use of any settings exceeding standard and permitted settings is not allowed. Any malpractices will not be tolerated.
If the match is disrupted due to unnecessary chatting, the player may be given a warning or lose by default at the referee's sole discretion. 
Any disconnection of the connection between matches players due to System, Network, PC, and/or Power problems/issues results into a restart of match. If any player does not agree to a match restart, that player will lose by default.
Intentional disconnection will not be tolerated. Upon judgment by the referee, any offending player will be charged with a loss by forfeit.
 
#PRIZE MONEY:
1st  PRIZE  : Rs. 5,000 
2nd PRIZE  : Rs. 3,000
3rd PRIZE  : Rs. 1,000

#VENUE:
C.S SEMINAR HALL(D-203) 

#TIME & DATE:
SEPT 30 and OCT 1 (10.00AM to 4.30PM) 

#STAFF COORDINATORS:
AmelAustine
Andrews Jose
Shibu K R

#STUDENT COORDINATORS:
Fabin Paul 
Mob: 9495262443
John Varghese
Mob: 9847610514
